All right.
Well, just let me know when everybody's here.
I'm just going to sing a little bit before everybody comes in.
Only believe.
All things are possible.
All things are possible when you only believe.
Lord, I believe.
All things are possible.
Lord, I receive.
Well, good morning family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
I'm going to just take the time right now and anoint myself with oil.
I believe with all my heart in anointing yourself with oil in these last days.
You need to do it every single day.
I anoint my kids.
I anoint my wife.
I anoint everything.
I walk around with a bottle of oil in my pocket because I just believe in the power of the blood of Jesus.
I don't want to make it a religious habit, but I do it because of the relationship of just honoring the blood of Jesus, honoring my covenant.
That's why we take communion all the time.
We got communion all over the place.
And as I was watching some of the prayer breakfast this morning and seeing where we are as a nation and the valley of decision of where President Trump is, we're in that place right now that the Lord showed us.
And I didn't realize the prayer breakfast was on the 4th, the day after the 3rd.
He came in and he said a lot of things about making this nation one nation under God again.
He wanted to do a big prayer thing, which Brayden can show you a clip.
There's a prayer breakfast he wants to do like a prayer at the National Mall or whatever on the 17th of May.
He wants to dedicate this nation back to God in prayer.
And I think that's a great step.
I believe we can work with that.
From what I have seen coming even today interceding for this nation, the Lord keeps talking about a humbling is coming, a shaking is coming to bring the bride back to his side.
And in his speech yesterday, he even talked about the speaker of the house being real religious and he said, "I want to be around him more because I don't know if God would protect me like he would him.
So, I want to hang around him more.
" You can see the clip there if you want to see it.
But you know, Mike Johnson is a very religious person and he does not hide it.
He'll say to me sometimes at lunch, "Sir, may we pray?
" I say, "Excuse me, what happened at lunch?
" It's okay with me, but he's a very religious person and he is popular and he's doing an unbelievable job.
So, I think God is watching over him.
I don't know about me, so I hang around with him because I feel I'm protected a little bit.
Sir, we believe that God is protecting you, too.
We're praying for you.
We're excited that you would be excited to have a day of prayer and that you would show up and pray that you would say, "Hey, we want to make this nation a nation under God again and declare it as the head of the nation.
" We pray for your protection.
We pray for your wisdom in leading the nation, praying for you to be a God-fearing man, a backbone like a crowbar, that you're not full of pride, that you're humble before the Lord, and that God will use you in these last days.
I'm excited about what you said today.
I'm excited about some of the things.
Yeah, I believe as the body of Christ, we need to work with this.
We need to back you.
Let's pray for him as we see crypto and these things tanking, gold and silver and all these things.
I said, "Lord, I need that window.
" There's certain cryptos that fell really hard over the last couple of days and I thought, Lord, is this a great buying opportunity or is this what I saw about the great financial start?
What I heard when I was praying today the Lord said, Braden, it's trying to come on early.
It's trying to come on early, what you saw about the great financial shaking and things.
It's trying to come on early.
You must hold it back in prayer.
If you don't contend for what I have for you, this is Satan's wheelhouse, the finances.
And as the elite of what I told you, the Illuminati with the mask and all the things that I saw are being exposed and the darkness is being covered.
They will do things in retaliation against the economy on purpose.
They have the ability to do that by pulling their money out and doing things to try to manipulate the economy, to try to manipulate the dollar, to try to do what they got to do with the power that they have to leverage it with what the devil is telling them to do.
And if they can try to sink the ship early, they will do so.
So what do we do as the church?
We pray.
The devil knows the words and they know.
He knows they're accurate.
He knows what the Lord is saying.
He knows what the Lord has planned for his body and I told you 1% of the people, if you're listening, will walk in the end time wealth transfer, 1%, because the others are not listening.
They're not walking by his side.
And so I see the things happening and people are upset and oh, it looks so bad.
It looks like blood is in the streets.
But instantaneously, instead of being moved by what I see or what I feel, I have to just go vertical and sit there and go, "Hey God, it's in your hands.
" I use my authority.
We pray and we do everything we can but ultimately I was still singing the song.
I know the sorrow and I know it all.
I don't know all the words, because whenever I don't know all the words I make them up to him, but he knows what I'm saying.
Braden, he knows I just sit there and sing to the Lord.
It'll all go away if you just say the word.
But even if you don't, you know that one by Mercy Me, that song, "It is well with my soul.
" Whenever you see all these things happening, it is well, it is well with my soul.
I was singing that out in the shower today.
And there's something when you realize that no matter how much I know that the word of faith, we believe we have power and life and death is in our tongue.
That's what the Bible says.
But there's a certain place that you've done all you can do, is stand and stand there.
And you don't always see the result of what you're believing for.
Sometimes people go home early.
Sometimes things happen.
But that is where I said, it is well with my soul.
Regardless of what I see and what I feel, if it don't always pan out the way you thought it would, I keep my eyes on Jesus and always maintain that place of praise and glory even whenever I don't always see what I wanted to see.
Does that make sense what I'm saying to you?
There were so many times even with Megan years and years I thought, "Lord, do you see what I'm going through?
Do you feel my pain with my little girl and the things that we've walked through?
" But yesterday, Diana was in and she said, "Braden, I felt the Lord say to take Megan to get her hair done.
" I said, and instantaneously I'm thinking, do you remember what happened last time we did that?
Back when she was six years old.
She's 21 now, next month.
And she has never had her hair done.
I always trim it to try to keep it out of her face so she doesn't get her she wads it up and gets in huge knots in her hair all the time because she's always touching it and doing things, you know.
And I thought, well, I trust that you heard the Lord.
But Megan doesn't like it when people put scissors next to her face.
She doesn't like the people putting their hands next to her, you know, like most people don't.
You know, you put your hand next to my eyes, I'm going to try to freak out and bite you or whatever, you know, but Megan has never been a person who likes that.
And so last time we went to the barber, the salon or whatever, I had to hold her arms with the cape around both of us and had that person cutting her hair and Megan was trying to bite them the whole time they were trying to cut her hair.
She was screaming at the top of her lungs to the point where we were so embarrassed after we left because the place was full that I vowed I'd never do that again to her.
So when Diana said, "You know, Brandon, I heard the Lord today," I said, "Baby, I trust you.
Let's do it.
" So we called the people and we got right in.
And as Megan sat there and they washed her hair and got all the knots out because we try so hard to keep her hair—but when you're dealing with somebody that is always doing that stuff, it's very interesting.
Unless you live it, you never understand it.
As we were going there and all that was happening yesterday, there was such a peace on Megan.
She was enjoying it.
She was giggling.
She was laughing as the people were washing her hair.
As she sat there, I sat over to the side this time because both of us couldn't fit in the chair.
She sat there and the lady was brushing her hair and combing all the knots out and cleaning her hair up and was cutting and she did the whole hair.
And Megan sat there looking at herself in the mirror this time, acting like everything was okay.
Yeah, she still put her hands on her ears because the beauticians were loud or whatever, but she got her first style and haircut at 21 years old.
It was something that we—as Diana was getting her hair next to her done in Paisley—all my girls got their hair done for the first time together as a family, a girls' day.
As you pray and you say, "It is well with my soul.
" And you go through the sorrow and you don't know the hurt, it'll all go away if you just say the word.
But even if you don't—but in that circumstance when you're believing and you get your breakthrough and you have your suddenly, you have your suddenly—the expiration date to the problem.
Never forget where you come from.
Now that you can see it happen, something that you always longed for, to have your daughter always look nice and to have her hair done right.
Never forget where God brought you from.
Never forget the valley.
I still pinch myself when she's sitting there getting her teeth cleaned like when she got them done this last week.
And the dentist looked at her at that time and he looked at her again.
He goes, "My goodness, look how far your little girl's come.
" He's a Christian.
He's a believer.
And as Megan's getting her teeth X-rayed and doing all that, she didn't even do anything; she just let him clean them.
But as I saw her sitting there getting her hair done and they were brushing it up and combing and doing all these things and blow-drying, they thought we were strange because of the way Diana and I both were watching with our mouths open because we were witnessing a miracle.
A lot of people will never understand the miracle whenever they see the manifestation around you because they didn't walk in the valley.
But when you see God show up after 21 years, you get a breakthrough.
I cry because it's something that I've believed for for so long.
And yesterday was one of those days you just get through...
and the bombardment of the pressure from the world and the things that I've dealt with lately from this channel, praying for our president that I know that God has assigned me to pray for him.
And I'm so thankful that there's so many of you that take this prayer channel seriously even whenever I have an off day like we did this last time and the Lord says, "I just want you to show by example.
" That I don't use the Lord, he uses me.
I don't tap into it, he allows me to use it.
I have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of him and not of me.
No matter how much I see or what I don't see, we give all the glory to God.
And I know you've heard me say that a thousand times, but you'll hear me say it a thousand more because you saw that it is not random Biggs.
I believe some of you are just like whatever.
I don't care what you think.
But I was so taken these last two days to pray over things and pray over the valley of decision and where President Trump is with the nation and praying over Israel, praying over the finances of the nation because of how serious things are right now.
If people didn't realize how much we're on rice paper right now, the escalation of things, the acceleration of things of the end times is all around us.
And most people have their head in the sand.
They're too busy typing in the chat, "How are you doing, sister clipboard?
" And I'm just like, "Do you understand?
It's a holy moment.
" The chat is toxic.
There's so many people that lose themselves in just trying to entertain themselves.
God is in the still small voice.
He's in the moment that is not the shock and awe.
He's not insecure.
He doesn't need that to validate he is God.
He is God regardless.
And even with Diana saying, "Lord, are you upset about the AI?
" They're going to try to discredit the miracles in the days ahead.
People will question whether or not you really did it or not.
And he said, "Good.
" Diana said, "What?
" He said, "Good.
Blessed are those that have not seen yet still believe.
" So you're not bothered by AI trying to discredit the miracles that are about to take place, people trying to question him if it's authentic or not.
God's not insecure.
God does not need to be validated.
He's worthy and he deserves all the honor and all the praise of everything we ever do.
But God's not looking for you to go, "Hey, I need to know.
I need you, Brandon, to validate me to make me feel like I'm God today.
" He's secure in who he is.
He doesn't need me to go, "You know what?
The AI disproved you, Lord.
" I really think he's like, "I don't care about what...
I'm God.
I'm secure in who I am.
I am that I am.
Either you believe it or you don't.
But I don't care if you do or if you don't.
I don't need your validation, Brandon.
" So many times I think these prophetic channels need to be validated.
I've seen and been insecure about it myself, needing them to see that I was right and what the Lord said to me because you want people to—it's like everybody says, "You need to be acid tested, Brandon.
You need to be acid tested, your words that you give.
You say so much, you need an acid test.
" So when I have an acid test moment, I try to show everybody because you need that validation from people to let you know, to say, "I heard it.
I see.
I told you I heard it.
" But when the Lord said...
well, he said to Diana and me both after it was over because I questioned, I sat there looking, "I don't need your validation.
I'm confident in who I am.
" And when Diana said that, I questioned, I went, "Wow, baby.
Wow.
" God is secure in who he is.
And when Diana said that, it was beautiful because I realize that there's so much to that statement that he said to her.
There's so much to the conversations because Diana thinks on a different level.
I think real country backwoods, but Diana is really intellectual and analytical and she thinks real deep and she has these conversations with the Lord that are really humdingers—is what I want to call them.
They make you think a lot.
And the things that he says to her are so much different than me because all our relationships are so personal.
Even her relationship with the Lord is so unique, not cookie cutter.
If you're trying to imitate somebody else, you're missing it.
You're fearfully and wonderfully made by yourself.
You do not need to be a Brandon.
You do not need to be a Diana.
You just need to be you.
So many times I wanted to be like Billy Graham.
Boy, if you could give an altar call like Billy Graham, you'd be doing something.
Or someone else who was in healing ministry—I won't mention his name now, but I want to be like that.
Touch, fire, all this stuff.
But the more I get to know certain people, I go, "You know what?
I just need to be me.
" They have issues, and I don't want their issues with their tissues; I just need to be me.
I don't dishonor them, and I look at where they've been and what they've achieved for the Lord, but I am fearfully and wonderfully made myself.
There are no cookie cutters.
There's no parroting.
Just be unique and be authentic.
As I watched this girl cut Megan's hair yesterday, she was a heavy-set girl and she was so confident in her ability to cut hair.
She didn't question if she was too heavy or whatever; she wasn't trying to mimic herself off of somebody else.
She was just doing her job and was an artist at what she was doing.
I realize there are many times I feel like I don't fit the mold of what I'm supposed to be behind this camera for you.
I'm too heavy, I'm not smart enough; there are so many things that try to disqualify me until the Lord showed me, "Just be confident in who you are.
I'm working with your weight issues.
I'm doing these things for you, Brandon.
But there's nobody else who can do what I've called you to do.
Just be you.
" I've just had those "come to Jesus" moments these last couple of days.
After the last video, I was so upset about how everything went, and the Lord said, "I did that on purpose.
It's not about you and people validating you.
It's about them finding me.
If your channel goes away, where will they be?
Will they find me in a deeper intimacy?
I want you to teach them to come to me.
They don't need you; they just need me and them.
" Does that make sense?
They need to go vertical.
They don't need a relationship with you; they need it with me.
Go vertical.
And the things He says challenge me, and I sit there and go...
He says, "If people look too much at man, I'll show that they're just man.
I'll allow them to see how human you really are.
" So, I'm so thankful that you were able to see it.
I fear Him.
I fear Him as I hear so much toxicity in ministry nowadays.
One minister said, "I won't preach anywhere unless I get $50,000 per time I speak.
They have to raise that money before I'll even go there.
" I'm not mentioning his name.
I saw the materialism of the church even more so lately—the big business side.
And there is a side of this that is very scary to me.
I refuse to be any part of it.
I told the Lord, "What is it to gain the whole world and lose his soul?
" I've seen that lately with offers and things you get, and you realize, "None of this will change me.
" None of this will change Diana; none of this will change him.
But as He said, "Go back to the main thing all the time.
Go back to the janitor.
Go back to the way it was here.
What got you here in the first place?
Don't add to and supplement new things in.
Just keep being alone with me.
" The guy that sits at the dryer and folds laundry, the one that cleans the toilets, the one that takes care of his kids—always keep the main thing the main thing, no matter how big things get around you.
I realize it's not just an outward thing; it's a heart thing.
There's a lot I see that's been bothering me lately.
I've been very annoyed with people coming from Chicago and people coming to church.
I go to church to go to church.
I'm not there to answer your questions about what you should do to dig in the side of a mountain to find gold, or prophetic words where you're seeking a fortune teller.
I'm not a fortune teller.
I don't have control over it.
But there are so many people—I've looked at the emails and the bombardment of things—you've lost your way.
And I am not here to help you find it in that way.
"What do I do with my life?
" That's for God to tell you.
I have no idea.
But there are so many people that are so dysfunctional.
There's so much dysfunction in the body of Christ.
And I'm here to tell you: keep the main thing the main thing.
Your dysfunction is a lack of vertical focus.
You must keep your eyes on Him.
Stop going horizontal.
Horizontal is looking at me; horizontal is looking at your pastor.
Keep your eyes on Jesus; He's the author and the finisher of our faith.
If you keep your eyes on Him, everything else will line up perfectly.
Do you understand?
And there are so many of you thinking you're listening to the Lord, but you're listening to familiar spirits because you don't get in this book.
You're looking through religious, weird eyes, and the things you're meditating on are demonic.
You're listening to familiar spirits.
I can see them behind your eyes when I'm there.
But am I supposed to call you out and lay hands on you, cast the devils out of you right there?
So you've got demons?
No, because you're going to fight me.
You want the devils you have, but I'm not here to pick at you.
But I'm not going to allow you to waste my time.
My time's precious to me.
And there's so much of it lately—people trying to waste your time.
Time wasters.
Everybody feels they have an entitlement to talk to you.
Everybody feels they have an entitlement to say something or whatever, and you go, "You don't have anything for me.
" I just go back to the little place of my square with my wife and my kids.
And it's like Diana said to me: "Isn't it amazing how many people come out of the woodwork after all this?
The bigger the channel gets, the bigger the influence, the bigger stuff goes, they come out of the woodwork saying, 'Hey, don't you remember me?
'" Do you understand?
I think it's interesting because people try to come out of the woodwork and all of a sudden you go, "I just want to go back to the closet and sit there.
" I don't care about all this stuff.
I don't care about all the preaching engagements.
I'm just a simple person, but I love having a relationship with Him.
So that's what I had for you all today.
So let's pray and let's take communion together and let's just seek the Lord for a little bit.
Who wants to pray with me and go tubing?
I'm so thankful for every single one of you.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
So Father, we just thank you for the body that was broken for us.
We thank you, Lord, that you died and you rose again on the third day.
And we're thankful, Father, that you become life again; that you died, you suffered, you went through all of it so that we don't have to.
Lord, we keep the main thing the main thing, keeping you vertical.
All this other stuff, God, is just stuff.
We take the body and we lift it up before you, God, and we thank you that healing belongs to us.
Deliverance belongs to us, and by your stripes, Lord, we're healed.
Thank you, Father.
You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes we're healed.
And we take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Lord, we plead the blood.
Lord, we take the blood.
We apply the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that it's never lost its power.
That when we confess our sins, you're faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Now, Father, today we enter in by the blood of the Lamb.
We come and sit at your throne by the blood and we come up higher by the blood.
It's never lost its power.
It is never changed—Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And Lord, we thank you for it right now.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us right now and over our sins, over all of it.
","corrections":[{"sentence":"Touch, [fur], all this stuff.
","originalWord":"fur","proposedWord":"fire","confidence":0.
9},{"sentence":"There's no [pariting].
","originalWord":"pariting","proposedWord":"parroting","confidence":1.
0},{"sentence":"She wasn't trying to [emic] herself off of somebody else.
","originalWord":"emic","proposedWord":"mimic","confidence":0.
8},{"sentence":"Will they find me in a deeper [intimate]?
","originalWord":"intimate","proposedWord":"intimacy","confidence":0.
95},{"sentence":"Who wants to pray with me and go [tubing]?
","originalWord":"tubing","proposedWord":"YouTube-ing","confidence":0.
8}]} And we thank you, Lord.
We're so grateful, Father.
I plead the blood over anything you want to show me today as a nation.
I cover my eyes in the blood; I cover my spiritual eyes.
And we thank you, Lord.
Satan, we tell you, you are under our feet.
We bind you and we take authority over you.
We hear the good Lord's voice, and a stranger's voice we won't follow.
We don't even recognize your voice because you are so foreign to us.
We're so close to the Lord Jesus.
We know immediately when a stranger's voice comes in because we're that close to the Father.
We're that close to the throne that for any kind of foreign voice, you're going to go, 'That is not my Lord.
That is not my Lord.
That is the devil, or a demon, or a familiar spirit.
' We know exactly who you are and we cast you out in the name of Jesus.
We hear the good Lord's voice and He is leading us and He's guiding us in all truth.
We're so close to the throne.
We're so close to you, Lord, that there is not even a crack for the devil to come in and deceive us.
He tries to come in as an angel of light and we go, 'No, your light is darkness.
' Even in your greatest time of trying, you have nothing that compares to my God.
I plead the blood of Jesus over us and we thank you for the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Let's start praying that over us.
We recognize the good Lord's voice so much so that even if the devil is trying to mimic it, you're so spiritually in tune, you're so spiritually one with the Father, that even when the devil's trying his best to deceive you, you recognize immediately when the thief comes and you say, 'Get out of here in the name of Jesus.
' You don't question it because automatically you're just one with the Father.
Our heartbeats are beating together.
I'm one with the Lord.
His heartbeat is my heartbeat.
As He is, so are we in this world.
His breath is my breath.
His voice is my voice.
His eyes are my eyes.
We think, we move, we have our being in Him.
So we don't sit there and question, 'Is this the devil talking?
' You know when the devil's talking.
You know why?
Because it is so foreign.
I'm familiar with the Father's voice; I'm not familiar with the devil's.
You know what I'm saying?
So, instantaneously, when I hear somebody that's not like my Father, I go, 'That's definitely the devil,' because I know my Father.
There're so many people going, 'Do you think you're listening to a familiar spirit?
' I know that I know, just as much what He doesn't say as when He does.
I refuse to sit there and meditate on what the devil sounds like.
Why do you take your time out of your day to meditate on the devil's voice?
I meditate on the good Lord's voice.
And the more I keep in sync with Him and going vertical, I don't have to question whether or not it's the devil's voice because I know in whom I have believed.
I know what and whom I am with.
I don't question whether it is Diana or Braden.
I know my son's voice and I know my wife's voice.
I don't go, 'I don't know.
I have to think about it.
Say something, Braden.
' 'Hey, what's up?
' I know that's immediately my son right then, right?
Do you get that?
'Hey, how are you doing?
' 'Hi, Dad.
How are you doing?
' And I go, 'Is that the devil?
Who is that?
Is that Bob's voice from down the road?
' And you know why?
Because I'm familiar with it.
So many people question, 'I don't know if that's the good Lord's voice or not.
I think that could be a familiar spirit.
Are you sure you're hearing?
' I know in whom I have believed.
I spend time with Him.
'Say something, Braden.
' 'How are you doing?
' I know his voice.
That's Braden.
I don't question whether or not that's somebody else's.
That's not my brother's son; that's my son.
My wife says something to me, I know that's my baby.
I know her.
Why?
I've spent twenty-six years with her, almost since we've been dating.
All of it.
We've been together a long time.
I don't question it at all.
Why?
Because I have repetition.
There ain't no woman that can deceive me from my wife's voice.
There're so many people that are always questioning about, 'Are you listening to demonic?
' I want to question you: how are you so familiar with the devil's voice that you don't know his voice?
How have you become so familiar with the devil that you don't know your Father's voice?
You question it.
I don't question it at all.
Just as much as I'm so confident and I'm listening to my son, I don't question it at all.
Do you understand what I'm trying to get across today?
There're so many people that spend so much time going horizontal that you become so familiar with the devil's voice that you let him become familiar, but you think you mix them together.
There is a great difference in the Father's voice and the devil's voice.
There's a great difference.
It's insulting for some of you to say the devil sounds like the Lord because you never spend time with Him.
It's insulting, not to me but to our Father, because they don't sound anything alike.
Truly, even on his highest greatest day, he's nothing like my Father.
Everything that he's ever tried to do to be anywhere close to our Father fails by a lot, by billions of miles.
It's a long shot compared to how great and how awesome our Father is.
Spend time with the Father and you'll never question it again because you'll become familiar with His voice.
That's how insulting it is to somebody who really truly walks with Him.
Because—not about me—but because that's how stupid you sound.
Does that make sense what I'm saying?
I hope it does to some of you.
Because I'm just like, my God, how could you compare the two?
That shows the lack of intimacy you really have with Him.
Even to the elites that think they know Him—there's a lot of you.
They make these YouTube videos and try to sound like they're all spiritual about it and saying anything, but they're the furthest away because they don't know Him themselves either, but they pretend they do.
And they have a YouTube channel and they may have a platform, but they don't know Him at all because they question themselves.
And I'm thinking, don't you have discernment?
You can know anything, but yet you're so spiritually cold because you're so trying to fill the void of validation from man.
But be secure in who He is with you.
I don't need you.
If you all leave today, guess where I'm going to go?
Still back to where I've always been.
He'll provide.
He takes care of me and He watches over me.
I am His.
I am His and He is mine.
What happens is when I go horizontal, looking at all the comments and the emails, and they pull me away from the main thing.
He snatches me back with His love and He pulls me back and He says, 'Listen, you're getting off.
' Thank you.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
He gave His life; what more could He give?
Oh, how He loves you.
Oh, how He loves me.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
Lord, you're so good and your mercy endures forever.
Oh, holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts, who was and is and is to come.
We bless your name, O Lord.
We bless your name.
We thank you, Lord, that you draw us to your side today.
We lift up President Trump before you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus that every foul devil from hell that has been assigned to knock him down.
We thank you, Lord, that we put people around him to pray.
We lift him up before you right now.
That he hears your voice and a stranger's voice will not follow.
That he'll take no ungodly counsel from people, that he'll take godly counsel concerning how to run the nation, concerning how to do the things he's doing.
That, Father, he humbles himself underneath the mighty hand of God and in due time you said you would exalt him.
I thank you, Father, right now that you've called him and you've chosen him for such a time as this to lead this nation.
Father, we pray over his health, we pray over his mind, we pray over his emotions.
We pray over him, Father, that he will live long and finish strong, Father, that he doesn't get weary in well-doing with the bombardment of the wicked.
We pray the angelic host of aid and assistance all around him.
Father, around his children, around Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, Ivanka, Barron, Kai, I pray a hedge around them in the name of Jesus, that the angels of the Lord are around and about them.
That no weapon formed against them will prosper.
I thank you, Father, that your word says that a thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
We put angels around it.
I thank you, Father, concerning Iran that, Father, we liberate the people of Iran, that he has boldness in the decision he's going to make.
Father, concerning the Supreme Court justice, Father, we thank you, Lord, that we have favor in the name of Jesus and that you're working on the hearts of men and women right now.
That the heart of the land, the man and the woman, is in your hand and that you prick the hardest of hearts.
Father, I call our economy to flourish for this window of time in the name of Jesus.
We call a divine turnaround.
We call a divine reversal.
And we say in the name of Jesus, we have more time.
That Father, the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
I cause certain cryptos to go up in value.
And I say in the name of Jesus, Satan, get your hands off of what belongs to us, that the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
And a turnaround's coming right now in Jesus' name.
We call precious metals to skyrocket in Jesus' name.
We call cryptos to skyrocket.
We call laws to be made and for it not to be so volatile, for stability to hit the market in the name of Jesus.
For every distraction, for every demonic plan, for it to be foiled in Jesus' name, for manipulation to stop.
From BlackRock to JP Morgan, through government interference from China to Japan to South Korea to Europe.
For even our own people lowering it down to buy more.
I see it.
Manipulation and greed is what we're seeing right now.
I'll give you one more round.
Press into me.
It's concerning how you know it's the blessing on Israel.
Like I've told you, the Antichrist spirit is right off the shores.
The Antichrist spirit in the storm of the Antichrist is being held back and it's right at your shores.
I see the cloud of the storm on the East Coast and it's right at the shores.
In this valley of decision, the one nation under God, we call a divine reversal.
We will remain a sheep nation; we will not be a goat nation.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
We call President Trump's mind sound and the divine reversal is coming.
We call it right now in the name of Jesus for supernatural wealth transfer to come now in Jesus' name.
There are more that are with us than there are with them.
As I look into this concerning 2026, oh Father, I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says as the plan they have to try to take it down for midterm manipulation starting now.
What's already a fragile waterfall, they are trying to push him over the waterfall for election manipulation.
You need to hear what I'm hearing right now.
This is very serious.
You must stand.
It's around this Olympics.
It's the Antichrist agenda with CERN, and I see the Vatican and all of Europe summoning that Hitler spirit again, calling for greater war.
We stand in the gap for the president of the United States to keep him strong, that Satan will not have him.
A reprobate mind will not have him.
That he will not lose his focus.
We call his mind to clear up, that thing that is poking and pecking at his mind.
We take authority over his mind.
We pray over his mind.
We hold his mind in the blood in Jesus' name, that the angels of the Lord would camp around and about his White House.
The angels of the Lord would camp around and about the Oval Office.
You regress in the name of Jesus.
You don't realize how much is holding in the balance for what's truly about to try to manifest upon the nations.
You must come up higher in the prayer time with me.
We've got to come up higher.
Open the doors.
We call it a divine reversal.
We call, 'Satan, you get your hands off.
' Angels, aid and assistance on this.
I see these elitists of what I want to call these heads of the Illuminati, these dark figures are all having satanic practices together trying to come against the finances.
The Lord says that you must assemble yourselves together as believers to pray, for certain things will only be accomplished through corporate prayer.
Churches must come together and unite with what's trying to happen.
As the occult does their thing, the greater works will you do and it will flow through you through corporate prayer to bring down these strongholds that Satan is trying to do over your nation.
Praying over President Trump.
He said, 'This is why I hold the church accountable.
They must take their head out of the sand and come have a camaraderie of circling him in prayer.
' Circling President Trump in prayer on all sides joined together in a circle around and about the man, around and about his family, lifting his hands and praying, for great witchcraft and satanic things are trying to come against him.
When the enemy tries to come in like a flood, the Spirit of the Lord raises a standard against him.
The Lord said you must pray for a circle around and about him.
Angels, aid and assistance from all sides.
I see that Antichrist spirit being held on the East Coast.
And we hold it at bay in Jesus' name.
This is interesting.
It's like little, you know how they do the chemtrails?
These are black clouds coming out of the land on the East Coast.
There's black chemtrails with demonic spirits that look like the things on the Wizard of Oz, the little monkey devils.
They're coming out of that black cloud and they're bringing chemtrails of black like ropes, and they're going from the East Coast to the West Coast, bringing black chemtrails over our nation.
And they look like little imp, bat-like monkeys, and they're going out of that black cloud and they're trying to bring forth ropes of demonic little black chemtrails, and they're bringing them over, one's going this way, one's going that way, and it's trying to black out the blue sky.
I see chemtrails coming out of that black, and they're all going like they're trying to thread a needle—like when you pull the quilt—and it goes clear over.
Some of them go into Hawaii and some of them go, but a lot of them all ran outside of the water of California, Oregon, Seattle, Washington.
We bring those down in the name of Jesus.
Angels of the Lord, aid and assistance before us.
Clear the sky.
You will not darken us.
You will not do this assignment.
We call divine reversal.
We contend for what you have for us in Jesus' name.
We hold fast.
We lay hold to it.
We contend for it in the name of Jesus.
We say, 'Satan, you'll not have this land.
' The angels of the Lord are manifested and making war against you right now.
Archangels of the Lord, warring angels, Michael and his warring angels, go now and make war against them.
We thank you, Lord, that the angel of the Lord and the end times are right there for the greatest harvest of souls.
We're calling it in: a shaking to awaken, to wake up.
For we see the Son of Man coming in the clouds.
We believe, Jesus, that you're coming in our lifetime.
Will you contend for what I've called you to contend for?
Standing in the gap, and I'll open the door.
As they devise a plan of wickedness before thee, all hidden things be a plot.
I see a plot against your nation from the enemy within that is camouflaged.
But this camouflage doesn't really look like camouflage to me: edge white checker squares, white squares, gray, black, dark gray, purple-looking colors that are squares.
It's a camouflage.
They're using some kind of...
it looks like a green witch finger, like on the Wizard of Oz again, but it's looking at ancient writing on a tablet.
It's a black-looking slate tablet that looks like onyx, but on this thing, it looks like an old spell like that.
Like what I've told you before: ancient angelic demonic code, and they're trying to put it through AI, trying to conjure up new demonic witchcraft that's old, calling forth this Nephilim stuff through portals.
They're trying to open up portals and deceive the land.
Today, I bind that witchcraft in the name of Jesus.
You'll not touch us.
I plead the blood over the prayer today.
We bind this in the name of Jesus.
Cease and desist in your maneuvering in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over the land for a major move of what I call revival.
I call every occultic assignment.
The revival is coming over the land.
The greater works will we do, for it is flowing over the land.
I see 2026 highlighted, 2027, and I see storms, but out of it is like a parting of the storm, and I see the glory of the Lord shining through.
You contend for it.
You cannot be lazy pushing back this demonic agenda.
Agenda 2030.
Putting a kink in the hose concerning 2030, a demonic agenda of control and social control.
President Trump is the roadblock, the log in the road to delay 2030.
Do you hear what I'm trying to tell you?
President Trump and his administration right now is the roadblock concerning the witchcraft and Agenda 2030.
And that's why the Lord has said, 'Pray for this man, the valley of decision.
' This is where we are praying over him saying, 'We'll make a nation under God; we'll decree it again over 250 years.
' Pray this comes to fruition.
Pray for protection over the prayer event.
Because the Bible says, 'If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then we will hear from heaven.
' And he said, 'He will heal our land.
' We have a window to pray for what we're believing for as a nation because as America goes, so does the rest of it.
But Trump right now is a block to Agenda 2030 to delay it.
It won't be stopped altogether forever, but it can be delayed to give us more time.
You need to hear me.
This will not be totally derailed, but it can be delayed by putting a log in the middle of the train track.
It only delays the inevitable.
Agenda 2030 will come to full fruition; it is the beast system.
As I see this occultic thing and as he is exposing Epstein and all this darkness coming up in the news with reporters saying their mothers are missing, there's greater darkness to this than what you realize.
They are trying to hush and silence people.
Great embarrassing moments are coming, but they would try to suppress their embarrassment by bully tactics.
That's why the church must pray Holy Ghost prayers, not weak anemic prayer—prayer with a backbone.
We say in the name of Jesus, we have one more round of a blessing and increase holding back the 2030 agenda.
I'm telling you by the spirit of God what I see right now: I see the storm and it's on the shoreline.
If Trump doesn't finish his term, there's a storm that will take over this nation.
The Lord said, 'I'm holding the church accountable.
How will you stand in the gap?
' He's already trying.
Even with what is pecking his mind, you can see he's not all clear.
Pray over his mind.
There is a demonic spirit that even attacked Joe Biden's mind that's trying to attack his mind.
It's the same spirit that pecked Joe Biden's mind.
It is a spirit of Leviathan trying to choke out the life of their mind so that they don't think right.
Sleepy Joe just yielded to it and that snake wrapped around his body and started talking in his ear.
If he can get a stronghold on America and our media, if he can get the praying believers to get discouraged and the church doesn't start preaching the truth and righteousness and repentance and holiness back in the pulpits, as America goes, so does the world in prayer and fasting and raising a standard up against him.
No, you will not have it.
We will have a revival.
We will have a last outpouring.
We will see the wealth of our Father.
The harvest is plentiful and the labors are few.
We will go into the outermost parts of the world and bring forth this harvest.
That one man the Lord is using to be that roadblock.
You'll thank me so much in the days ahead that Kamala Harris didn't open the floodgates to it.
We would be on a fast track right now, on the fast lane on the highway, going on the Autobahn towards the antichrist agenda if Kamala Harris was over our nation.
Oh my God, what God spared us from.
But we have not prayed enough.
And that's why the Lord said, 'Pray for him.
' We pray for him on all sides that no weapon, no bullet comes near him.
We pray that they will not take his life.
I see a plan.
I see conspiracy.
You say, 'What is a plot of trying to remove this man Macron and these elitists over in Europe?
' because he's coming against the WHO.
He's coming against the UN.
I'm telling you we must pray for this man.
So, Father, we lift him up before You that he will live long and finish strong.
His heart, his veins, his body is protected.
His marriage is sound.
His children are sound.
Father, I pray around and about him that there are godly men and godly women around that have that backbone like a crowbar that will stand for righteousness and truth will prevail.
Glory, glory, hallelujah.
His truth is marching on.
I've strained my voice.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
That's what I'm hearing.
We will finish what we're called to do.
And we stand today, Father, in the name of Jesus.
Every plot, every plan, every demonic stronghold of ideas and ideology, Father, we break it down in Jesus' name.
You fall at our feet.
Every demonic assignment against his life will fall at our feet in Jesus' name.
He has confidence, but he's not full of pride.
We thank You, Lord, that he humbles himself because he realizes that we don't use You, Lord, You use us.
We go vertical, and all the arrogance of how great we did with the 3rd of January and all the things with Venezuela, Father, we give You the glory because we know You did it to liberate those people.
It wasn't how great our military was or how good our equipment was; it was how good God was because He wanted those people liberated so that they were able to worship freely without persecution on another scale.
And now God, do it again with Iran, and do it again with Cuba.
Do it again with North Korea.
Do it again, Father.
Shake the nations for a great move of God that will go all around this world as a witness unto You, and then the end will come.
Shake the nations.
Wake up the nations through the valley of the dry bones.
Can these bones live?
I yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
And we hear what You're saying to the nations.
I yield.
Oh, glory, hallelujah.
I see Abraham Lincoln.
I see the battleship again.
I pray for protection over our servicemen and women.
I pray over our boats in that ocean.
I pray over them right now.
Every boat, every plot, every plan of drone attack, every base, every black swan event concerning the Olympics, I call you foiled and brought to justice.
You will not hurt or harm anyone in the skating rinks, the races, and the opening ceremony in the next couple of hours.
We cover a protection.
I see so much darkness concerning this.
No, no, it's like these ceremonies are circling around these events.
Super Bowl, are you listening to me?
It's the Illuminati.
It's the Agenda 2030 circling around the Olympics opening, the closing ceremony, and the whole Super Bowl this weekend.
It's all part of the Illuminati.
It's all darkness.
I see this darkness that is over.
It's a dark purple concerning the Super Bowl and what the halftime show tries to project.
It's them.
It's their way of communication.
It's almost like they've put a spell on it to try to project it.
The Lord says you will see certain commercials with influence with 2030 agenda pushing what the Mahdi pushing the summoning through their propaganda.
I hear the word propaganda, a great trying to stir up their propaganda of their agenda.
This is the Illuminati, the darkness that is on these elitists that they are yielded directly to the devil himself and what they are trying to do with these ancient tablets.
Where did they find these ancient tablets, Lord?
It's spells they've used in the past concerning World War II.
The Rockefellers, the Titanic.
I see Rockefeller's Titanic.
This is part of the Nephilim.
This is the reptilian bloodline.
This is reptilian.
This is demonic.
It goes clear through the Rockefeller demonic strongholds.
And the Lord said they're trying to conjure up things that they've conjured up in the past through witchcraft incantations and chants through bringing up things to try to bring World War II about.
It's a sickness.
Watch for black swan events.
Watch for great distractions again to get a foothold and a stronghold back in your media.
They are losing their influence, and they will, in the days ahead, a great push for MSNBC, CNN, ABC, CBS, NBC.
A great push for them to get back that stronghold that they're losing.
I see these dark planned events.
I see the swan and I see Macron on the swan again.
I see dark.
This is not necessarily about Macron riding a swan; this is an ideology, a way of thinking.
He is the poster boy for the New World Order.
Macron.
The Lord said Macron is the poster boy for the New World Order, the Ishmael, the forerunner to the antichrist.
You'll see a greater voice before new positions are opening up for him, new doors have opened.
You haven't seen the last of him yet, trying to do things with the UN to try to salvage.
There is a demonic ploy.
They're upset because he's the robot and doing it 2030.
They want to do digital facial IDs and things, so they try to crumble the economy to manipulate and put pressure with these certain things they have leverage over.
Remember the rapids in front of the banks with the crypto floating down it?
Remember the rapids with the crypto, gold, and silver floating down it?
You saw gold bars and silver floating down the rapids.
This was a very turbulent time as you saw BlackRock in a storm over here, but you saw certain people making bank legislative deals with certain Garlinghouse because this is the foundation for banking wire-to-wire transport for a digital age that brings forth the Beast system.
He stands out for a reason.
It's because of what the software represents.
It's all a demonic ploy.
But it's all going down the rapids.
I told you 2026 would be a rapids turbulent time in front of the banks as they fight because they want what's theirs.
They're attacking it.
I showed you in the vision weeks ago.
They're attacking it, and they're behind this door and this door.
They're all arguing because of the new laws that are trying to be put into place.
So they attack it to make it look like it's not viable.
Look, it's very unstable.
It's their way of manipulating.
They bought stakes in it and they rip it out and they try to make it fall to make it look like it's not viable.
Do you see what they're doing?
So, it makes it turbulent in front of the major banks.
It's all moving, but it's the banks manipulating it and BlackRock is over to the side.
Remember the Lord said, 'Remember this is the vision I told you was coming.
' Gold, silver, coin, Bitcoin—these things were moving down that river, and there were rapids in front of the banks.
He said 2026 will be rapids, and they'll have one man at the table who brings an agreement between the two.
One man will have the answers to bring them together, and he looked like Jared Kushner.
That's what it looked like—this guy looked like he would bring an agreement between the two.
And they shake hands.
Crypto and banking will shake hands.
But there are rapids in front of it right now because the banks don't want interference from crypto, and it will be very turbulent.
That's the interpretation.
Do you remember that?
But there will be laws signed for certain because they have to bring them together, and things will be said.
This is what you're praying over right now.
The Lord said this is what you're praying over.
I see it so clearly, Lord.
I thank you.
It's an attack against gold and silver because they had heavy hands in it so they could manipulate it to get their agenda.
That's interesting.
So they put out false news articles to stir up fear.
They want fear to get a stronghold back in it.
They don't want the wealth transfer.
They don't want this.
They want to control things.
Do you understand?
It's how they do it: fear greed index, fear index.
I see it so clearly.
The Lord said there'll be more shakeouts and fakeouts.
You have to be anchored in Him and what He tells you to do.
It's not for the weak of heart or weak of stomach.
You have to be rooted in Him to listen to Him on when to fold them and when to hold them.
Listen to me.
It's to shake the people up.
'Oh no, the sky is falling.
It's going to zero.
' Do you see it, son?
It's so clear.
I see it.
'Oh no, it's going to zero.
' Shakeouts and fakeouts.
Very turbulent waters in front of the banks.
Major skyscrapers.
So you have to be listening and paying attention to Him.
Know when to hold them, know when to fold them.
Don't listen to people.
Listen to the Holy Spirit and what He tells you to do.
It's all part of Agenda 2030.
He's coming.
The Lord's coming, and they know it.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord.
No matter how loud they try to get during the Super Bowl, no matter how loud they try to get in the Olympics and the opening ceremonies, closing ceremonies, and any black swan events, we pray over the people that they're always in the right place at the right time.
There will be nobody hurt with the demonic things they try to conjure up.
I thank you, Father, that the light shines brighter.
He said, 'Pray over Kid Rock and Turning Point.
Turning Point's doing something.
' And the Lord said, 'Pray over that.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, that the Turning Point rally, our crowd, their concert—whatever this is, I don't know what this is, but I see to pray over it.
I pray protection over it.
I pray protection over Kid Rock, over these people.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we shine brighter than the bunny.
We shine brighter and get more views than the bunny.
The bunny is going away.
I can't use that other word.
The bunny will be mounted; we'll put it on our fireplace.
The bunny's going away and the other is rising up in Jesus' name.
People will click out of it and say, 'We are not going to watch this trash and this witchcraft.
' This is a push for whatever this is.
They're going to push it: anti-Trump, anti-ICE.
All this is coming—very strong political theater coming and even stronger in 2026.
That's why we will continue to pray on this channel, and we're so grateful that you came here today.
We pray over the land.
We pray over his mind, over his body, over everything he's doing today.
We thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for President Trump today.
We pray over President Trump today.
We lift him up before you today.
We thank you, Lord, that you have greater things in store.
Greater things are yet to come.
Greater things are still to be done in this city.
We lift up this time before you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for a divine reversal.
I see the cloud the size of a man's hand.
A divine reversal is coming in the name of Jesus across the land.
We call for a change in tide.
We call for the change in the name of Jesus, that the righteous rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and we take the land for Jesus.
All to Jesus we surrender; all to you we humbly bow.
We thank you, Lord, that you're not done with America yet.
We thank you, Lord, for a president who says we'll have a prayer meeting.
We're going to have a prayer meeting in May.
We're going to have a prayer meeting in these timeframes, and we're calling the nation to pray that we will have a red wave, that they'll not get the House back or the Senate.
The sky is not falling, Chicken Little.
We have one more round of change, that we'll have a major revival.
Father, we're calling it in right now.
We're believing.
We stir ourselves up.
No matter what we see, no matter what we feel, we're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word of God says.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that the people will see the darkness even as tonight, and they'll realize and run to the light.
People will see the darkness and they will run to the light.
Did they have their ceremony yet?
Opening ceremony?
Is that what you're looking at?
That the people will see the darkness and they will run to the light.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that Jerome Powell's position will be filled with the person who's supposed to be there.
And I ask you to close the doors to the person who's not.
If that man is not supposed to be in there and that woman is, I ask you to shut the doors through the Senate.
You harden their hearts like you did Pharaoh.
That it will be impossible to pass it if your hand is against him.
And Lord will put the right person over the Fed in the name of Jesus, that President Trump will not be like Mr.
Magoo.
Mr.
Magoo always seemed to solve the case.
But Lord, we don't want to have to pray for Mr.
Magoo like that.
As he's stepping on things, you're going over ledges and you're going, 'Is he going to make it through there?
' Father, help Mr.
Magoo not to be Mr.
Magoo because he acted like Mr.
Magoo.
Mr.
Magoo got there and everything happened, but our toes were sweating while we watched the show.
I thank you, Father, that President Trump is not Mr.
Magoo.
Help us to have a leader that is not like Joe Biden.
His mind is sharp and alert, and he has great discernment in who to trust, and he'll finish his race strong in Jesus' name.
We believe it, Father.
We call it done, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
Well, we love you.
We pray this video blessed you today.
I feel like that's good today.
We'll come back and pray again.
I'm so glad you came today.
I really am.
Thank you for honoring me with your time and coming and praying with our family, and what a blessing you all are.
Every single one of you.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, click the thumbs up, do all the things you can to help us with the algorithm.
I thank you for praying for me, praying for my wife, praying for my family.
We've truly needed it.
And we're so grateful that every single one of you would be here and support us the way you have.
I'm not moved by what I see around me.
I'm so thankful for the blood of Jesus.
I'm so thankful for the authority of the believer.
We believe it in this household and my wife and I stand on it.
Even whenever the enemy doesn't like it when you're doing what we're doing, we know that he's defeated and we're so grateful that we are believing believers with the authority of the believer in these last days, and the best is yet to come.
So, that's what we had for you all today.
We'll be back again.
We'll pray over the Olympics, we'll pray over tomorrow, Saturday, and we'll pray over the Super Bowl on Sunday.
There's a lot more here to be praying over, and so we're so thankful for every single one of you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.